sbr videos sponsored by sports cash
system click on the link below for more
information hello muzzle der Waals force
weekly i'm your host Natalie Rydstrom
i'm joined today by richard o'hagan and
we're going to be previewing some of the
world cup qualifying fixtures taking
place at this weekend richard welcome
back I know it's good to be back now
let's take a look at the match estonia
vs turkey from Group D now turkey all
the favorites in this match the priced
at one point four and the home team
apprised at 8.5 with bet365 now this is
an important game for turkey as there as
the three points will put them ahead of
second-place hungry who at the moment
moment are only one point ahead of them
now their final group match will be in
the netherlands where they lost to nil
away so this win will be very important
estonia down in fifth place they've got
seven points and they know they have no
chance of qualifying through to the
knockout stages so what can we expect
from both sides starting with the home
team what I think the Estonians will be
buoyed while having had a couple of good
results in the last round of matches
pitching against the Dutch who they do
to all with so they're going to be going
very confidently into this game they
know they've got nothing to lose they
can go out they can play as they like if
they lose he's not going to affect their
standing in the group if they win it's
not going to affect their standing in
the group so compare that to turkey who
have got to go all out to try to win
this but they can't afford to be in
breakfast but they've got to take away
through three points and I think it's
going to be difficult for because
they're going to be up against the side
with a really firm support behind them
trying to actually break them down and
trying to get a win just to round off a
competition but then has actually been
moderately successful by their standards
ok take your a strong sign they sunny do
play very well under pressure and now
this game could go either way it could
go through the overall the under two and
a half goals but which one are you
leaning towards I'm leaning towards it
being over I think this game could quite
easily work out to be a tool drawer so
my view is go for the overs on this one
and you don't think as well when you've
got sort of two teams that I think we
were going to see a lot of attack from
here you don't thing that will kind of
cancel each other out and we could see
the under two and a half I think
it got two teams that are going to get
to go out there and be quiet attack a
mind it and I think that tends towards
more shots on goal therefore more
opportunities to score so if you've got
two signs that are really going to go
for it I wouldn't be betting the unders
I say if you were looking at teams that
unknown the very much defensive play
when they need to win again if you're
trying to hit sides on the break then
that might be where you were going to
look but turkey aren't known for that
turkey are much more spirited much more
attacking their best players are all
attacking midfielders or forwards so
that's where their talents like that's
what they're gonna play too ok
interesting there and what is your pick
for this Matt Richard my pic is for the
game to be a draw it's awesome round
about 4.5 4.6 so it's a decent return on
what is very likely option ok
interesting pick that Richard Richard
thanks for joining us you're welcome